= ExtJS MVC Base App

Ext MVC Application structure for any new MVC application.  Structure inspired by Ruby on Rails.

== Installation

Clone this as the starting point for your apps.  Place your cloned directory somewhere apache can serve it, then head to index.html:

http://localhost/myDirectory/index.html

You should see a default application set up and ready to go.

== Build tools

You need to ensure you have Ruby installed to use the build tools, and also the rake and hpricot gems (sudo gem install rake hpricot).

Ext MVC will automatically build (concatenate and minify) your javascript and CSS files.  Just run the following command from the base directory:

rake extmvc:build:all

This will inspect the javascript and css include tags inside index.html and compress them into a single JS file and a single CSS file.  It will minify
the javascript if java is installed and create the following files:

public/application-all.js
public/application-all-min.js
public/stylesheets/application-all.css

== Deployment

Once you've built your app, upload only the 'public' folder to your web server.  Nothing else is required to run the app.

== Directory Structure:

* app             - a directory to contain your models, views and controllers
* app/controllers - contains all of your controllers
* app/models      - contains all modesl
* app/views       - contains all view files, usually in subdirectories (e.g. app/views/users/Index.js)
* config          - contains application configuration files (see below)
* lib             - contains any library files which are not suited to being plugins
* public          - the directory you will set as document root on your web server.  Place any public-facing assets in here.  Note that all javascript and stylesheet files will be concatenated automatically into here when you deploy, so these can exist outside of this folder.  Images and other assets will need to be placed here though.
* script          - contains scripts to automate site build and minification
* spec            - a directory to place your unit tests or specs
* vendor          - holds any third-party code
* vendor/ext      - contains the required version of ExtJS.  ExtJS 2.2 comes pre-installed here, with the Ext adapter.
* vendor/mvc      - contains the required version of Ext MVC.  Most recent stable version installed by default.  Obtain latest version from http://github.com/extmvc/extmvc/tree
* vendor/plugins  - contains any MVC-compatible plugins (such as viewport builders, model extensions etc)

== Important Files:

* config/routes.js     - set up any Ext.History related routing required (see file for help)
* config/initialize.js - any app-wide config code, such as setting up location of s.gif, booting your app, etc
* config/database.js   - define which data adapter your app uses (RESTful adapter, Gears adapter, your own concoction etc)

* index.html           - Development version of the site, including one file at a time and using ext-all-debug
* public/index.html    - Production version of the site referencing concatenated and minified files